this week in training
I think after euphoria and the fake tan
have faded from show 1 and the nerves
kind of come back in and they take up
residence but I mean Erin she's so calm
and reassuring and you just think just
just go with it and trust her and didn't
do it
she's brilliant really good you know it
was my first day today with Rory and
piers just as good night
1 2 3 yeah it's good now watch this
first few spits are always the most
difficult and also you've got to learn
posture and then frame and actually what
foot goes where your left from your
right and then you've gotta pick up a
routine and it all just seems to be a
big mishmash in your head right now II
think it's got so much think about that
he doesn't feel like you're gonna get it
probably it's such such a well my head
is still spinning I mean obviously
because the waltz naturally enough but
now I need to get some seasick tablets
because there's a lot of spinning around
and love things are trying well
sometimes I had to break the dance down
into not so much notes or just plain
words to fit it and then it makes me get
it right so instead of going one and two
three four or five six
everyone lags through sports day so that
makes me smile it relaxes me I think oh
I know this bit and then I forget the
next bit so never try and get in my
space okay
okay think I think we're gonna be okay
but then you can always suffer stage
fright
you